# Bridger

Bridger is meant to be a library-agnostic DML wrapper (DOM Manipulation Library).
The idea here is that, instead of using jQuery, Prototype, Zazzle, Sizzle, or etc, you use Bridger as your wrapper to provide methods to manipulate DOM.

## Install

Bridger is registered and updated at bower:

```
bower install bridger
```

## How it works?

Bridger is directly attached to your favorite DML, allowing you to focus on the real implementation without having to worry about code refactory generated by changing your DML in the future.

However, it does not matter what DML you use, Bridge interface is always the same, allowing you to exchange jQuery to Prototype or ExtJs, without having to change a single line of code.

```javascript
var $b = new Bridger('jQuery')
var el = $b("body");
el.addClass("some-class");
```

The generic interface is similar to jQuery implementation, but its not jQuery. At least, it does not need to be.

## Setup

Use Bridger is very easy. Here's a simple example of basic running:

```html
<html>
  <head>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 data-high>Bridger - jQuery wrapper</h1>
    <h2 data-high=1>Example page</h2>

    <script src="../bower_components/jquery/dist/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="../dist/bridger.min.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
```

## Tests

If you want to know which methods are included in the generic interface, you can check out them looking at the Specs. I will make a decent documentation when i have some time.

The tests are running using Grunt + Jasmine Headlessly. To test, run:

```
grunt jasmine
```

## Freedom comes with a price

Right now, jQuery is the only Adapter created to use with Bridge.
I intent to create other adapters, but as most of my projects are using jQuery, this should work at
least right now, for me. I would greatly apreciate help on creating the other Adapter Wrappers.

## Want to contribute?

Talk with me: renatodex@gmail.com
Renato Alves (@renatodex)
